Irrigation Controller Management System
========
It provides Irrigation Controller Management System to WiFi enabled and mobile OS operated municipal or farm land irrigation controller systems and individual home owners' sprinkler controllers using weather information.

Each irrigation controllers or individual home owner's sprinkler controller is scheduled to water farm lands or lawn. At the time the controller is scheduled to water, the controller sends a request to this Irrigation Controller Management System to get information whether it should water or not.

The Irrigation Controller Management System consists of three applications, Weather Cache Service, Weather Fetch Service and Irrigation Controller web application.

Irrigation Controller web application simulates actual WiFi enabled and mobile OS operated municipal or farm land irrigation controller systems and individual home owners' sprinkler controllers. The irrigation controller web application sends a request with a zip code to Weather Cache Service application with the URL http://weather-cache-service.cfapps.io/weathers (for example: http://weather-cache-service.cfapps.io/weathers/48331) internally.

The Weather Cache Service application, which is a microservice application, accesses GemFire data through a hypermedia-based RESTful front end. This application let you create and retrieve Weather objects stored in a GemFire NoSQL database using Spring Data REST. Spring Data REST takes the features of Spring HATEOAS and Spring Data Gemfire and combines them together automatically.This application provides GET and POST methods. You can get all Weather objects through GET method URL http://weather-cache-service.cfapps.io/weathers and can get a Weather object for individual zip code through GET method with zip code such as a URL http://weather-cache-service.cfapps.io/weathers/48331 You also can post a Weather object through POST method URL http://weather-cache-service.cfapps.io/weathers. This POST method caches the Weather object into GemFire data with zip code as a key. Weather Fetch Service application posts Weather objects for multiple zip codes.

The Weather Fetch Service application, which is a microservice application, fetches weather information through a third party API. The Weather object has zip code and precipitation. In this pre-work, it randomly generates precipitation for each zip code. The application is enabled with Spring Scheduling, so it randomly generates precipitation and post Weather objects for multiple zip codes every minute using Spring’s @Scheduled annotation by calling WeatherFetchService.fetchWeatherInfo method.

All 3 applications are implemented as Spring Boot and deployed as JAR files separately as microservice applications and a web application. Spring Boot offers a fast way to build applications. It looks at applications' classpath and at the configured beans, makes reasonable assumptions about what is missed, and adds it. With Spring Boot we can focus more on business features and less on infrastructure.
